Python3 program intended as a tool for solving the NYT Spelling Bee

Information from the Today's Hints page is loaded into nytimes.html,
then the program will parse the file and initialize the constraints.
The user can type their successful guesses from the spelling bee into
the command prompt, adding the word to a collection of found words
and reflecting the changes in the given spelling bee letter matrix
and prefix counts. In the user input loop, commands can be used to
display the current state of the puzzle, such as:
        ("-q", "Quit")
        ("-h", "Help")
        ("-i", "Show all hint info")
        ("-m", "Show matrix")
        ("-p", "Show prefixes")
        ("-l", "Show letters")
        ("-f", "Show found words")
        ("-u", "Undo last guess")

The data can be requested from the New York Times website with a
cURL command. The correct cURL command for the given date can be
generated with a call to curl.py:
        python3 curl.py

Copy-paste and execute the output of curl.py into the terminal,
which will create or update nytimes.html. The program will read
this file upon execution with:
        python3 play.py

Functions run by the main script play.py are contained in bee.py,
and functions used to parse the nytimes.html file are contained
in requester.py. Requester.py uses BeautifulSoup, which is a
required installation to use this project. 

Additional functionality has been added in the form of store.py and
save.txt, which it generates. This allows users to save their found
words between executions of the program during the same day. store.py
resets itself if the date at the top of the file doesn't match the
current day.

More functionality has been added to account for letters in the puzzle
that don't start any words, and are omitted from the matrix. Using
python requests, the program now parses the Spelling Bee game page and
pulls a list of all answers from the javascript. Guesses submitted to
the program are now validated against that list before being accepted,
meaning that the matrix should never undergo invalid updates, and the
utility of the undo function is limited because errors are never stored. 

